README.md, before:

![Alt text](https://www.abaco.com/sites/default/files/default_images/product-strip.jpg)

# Abaco Systems TX1 enable Small Form Factor solutions
## Deep Learning for Military Applications
This is a branch of the NVIDIA's deep learning inference workshop and end-to-end realtime object recognition library for Jetson TX1. Please reffer to the main branch for details and tips on setting up this demonstartion.

Included in this repo are resources for efficiently deploying neural networks using NVIDIA **[TensorRT](https://developer.nvidia.com/tensorrt)**.  

Vision primitives, such as [`imageNet`](imageNet.h) for image recognition and [`detectNet`](detectNet.h) for object localization, inherit from the shared [`tensorNet`](tensorNet.h) object.  Examples are provided for streaming from live camera feed and processing images from disk. 

## Support for USB webcam
On the Abaco Systems SFF box there is no CSI camera so [`gstCamera`](camera/gstCamera.h) has been modified to support the Logitech C920 Webcam. At the moment only imagenet-camera.cpp has been tested and proven to work with this modification. 

Modified pipelines can be supplied to the create function to support cameras using RGB colour space. The included pipeline in [`imagenet-camera.cpp`](imagenet-camera/imagenet-camera.cpp)  for the C920 is shown below:

    video/x-raw, width=(int)640, height=(int)480, format=RGB ! videoconvert ! video/x-raw, format=RGB ! videoconvert ! appsink name=mysink

## Goals
The aim of this project is to create a network trained on images that come from military applications such at Air / Sea / Land. Updating the network to work with this updated network for demonstration and as an example to a defence audiance. 

Please be patient whilst we build our DIGITS server to retrain the network and watch this space.

- [x] [`imagenet-camera.cpp`](imagenet-camera/imagenet-camera.cpp) updated to use webcam
- [ ] [`detectnet-camera.cpp`](detectnet-camera/detectnet-camera.cpp) updated to use webcamera
- [ ] parametrize requested USB resolution (Dafault fixed at 1280 x 720)
- [ ] update training data (military images)
- [ ] update GUI to run in window and toggle to fullscreen (fill screen)

## Building from Source
Provided along with this repo are TensorRT-enabled examples of running Googlenet/Alexnet on live camera feed for image recognition, and pedestrian detection networks with localization capabilities (i.e. that provide bounding boxes). 

The latest source can be obtained from [GitHub](http://github.com/ross-abaco/jetson-inference) and compiled onboard Jetson TX1.

> **note**:  this [branch](http://github.com/ross-abaco/jetson-inference) is verified against 
>        JetPack 2.3 / L4T R24.2 aarch64 (Ubuntu 16.04 LTS)
      
#### 1. Cloning the repo
To obtain the repository, navigate to a folder of your choosing on the Jetson.  First, make sure git and cmake are installed locally:

``` bash
sudo apt-get install git cmake
```

Then clone the jetson-inference repo:
``` bash
git clone http://github.org/ross-abaco/jetson-inference
```

#### 2. Configuring

When cmake is run, a special pre-installation script (CMakePreBuild.sh) is run and will automatically install any dependencies.

``` bash
mkdir build
cd build
cmake ../
```

#### 3. Compiling

Make sure you are still in the jetson-inference/build directory, created above in step #2.

``` bash
cd jetson-inference/build			# omit if pwd is already /build from above
make
```

For jetson 64bit builds the architecte will be aarch64, with the following directory structure:

```
|-build
   \aarch64		    (64-bit)
      \bin			where the sample binaries are built to
      \include		where the headers reside
      \lib			where the libraries are build to
```

## Links
* [Abaco Systems](http://abaco.com)

![Abaco Systems Logo](http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2016/6/27/11G104398/abaco%20final-135550592.jpg)

Commit message:

Added not on how to revert to original nvcamera

README.md, after:

![Alt text](https://www.abaco.com/sites/default/files/default_images/product-strip.jpg)

# Abaco Systems TX1 enable Small Form Factor solutions
## Deep Learning for Military Applications
This is a branch of the NVIDIA's deep learning inference workshop and end-to-end realtime object recognition library for Jetson TX1. Please reffer to the main branch for details and tips on setting up this demonstartion.

Included in this repo are resources for efficiently deploying neural networks using NVIDIA **[TensorRT](https://developer.nvidia.com/tensorrt)**.  

Vision primitives, such as [`imageNet`](imageNet.h) for image recognition and [`detectNet`](detectNet.h) for object localization, inherit from the shared [`tensorNet`](tensorNet.h) object.  Examples are provided for streaming from live camera feed and processing images from disk. 

## Support for USB webcam
On the Abaco Systems SFF box there is no CSI camera so [`gstCamera`](camera/gstCamera.h) has been modified to support the Logitech C920 Webcam. At the moment only imagenet-camera.cpp has been tested and proven to work with this modification. 

Modified pipelines can be supplied to the create function to support cameras using RGB colour space. The included pipeline in [`imagenet-camera.cpp`](imagenet-camera/imagenet-camera.cpp)  for the C920 is shown below:

    video/x-raw, width=(int)640, height=(int)480, format=RGB ! videoconvert ! video/x-raw, format=RGB ! videoconvert ! appsink name=mysink

> **note** : Set GST_V4L_SCR to 0 to revert to the Jetson TX1 evaluation on board CSI camera.

## Goals
The aim of this project is to create a network trained on images that come from military applications such at Air / Sea / Land. Updating the network to work with this updated network for demonstration and as an example to a defence audiance. 

Please be patient whilst we build our DIGITS server to retrain the network and watch this space.

- [x] [`imagenet-camera.cpp`](imagenet-camera/imagenet-camera.cpp) updated to use webcam
- [ ] [`detectnet-camera.cpp`](detectnet-camera/detectnet-camera.cpp) updated to use webcamera
- [ ] parametrize requested USB resolution (Dafault fixed at 1280 x 720)
- [ ] update training data (military images)
- [ ] update GUI to run in window and toggle to fullscreen (fill screen)

## Building from Source
Provided along with this repo are TensorRT-enabled examples of running Googlenet/Alexnet on live camera feed for image recognition, and pedestrian detection networks with localization capabilities (i.e. that provide bounding boxes). 

The latest source can be obtained from [GitHub](http://github.com/ross-abaco/jetson-inference) and compiled onboard Jetson TX1.

> **note**:  this [branch](http://github.com/ross-abaco/jetson-inference) is verified against 
>        JetPack 2.3 / L4T R24.2 aarch64 (Ubuntu 16.04 LTS)
      
#### 1. Cloning the repo
To obtain the repository, navigate to a folder of your choosing on the Jetson.  First, make sure git and cmake are installed locally:

``` bash
sudo apt-get install git cmake
```

Then clone the jetson-inference repo:
``` bash
git clone http://github.org/ross-abaco/jetson-inference
```

#### 2. Configuring

When cmake is run, a special pre-installation script (CMakePreBuild.sh) is run and will automatically install any dependencies.

``` bash
mkdir build
cd build
cmake ../
```

#### 3. Compiling

Make sure you are still in the jetson-inference/build directory, created above in step #2.

``` bash
cd jetson-inference/build			# omit if pwd is already /build from above
make
```

For jetson 64bit builds the architecte will be aarch64, with the following directory structure:

```
|-build
   \aarch64		    (64-bit)
      \bin			where the sample binaries are built to
      \include		where the headers reside
      \lib			where the libraries are build to
```

## Links
* [Abaco Systems](http://abaco.com)

![Abaco Systems Logo](http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2016/6/27/11G104398/abaco%20final-135550592.jpg)
