docs/imagenet-console.md, before:

<img src="https://github.com/dusty-nv/jetson-inference/raw/master/docs/images/deep-vision-header.jpg">
<p align="right"><sup><a href="building-repo.md">Back</a> | <a href="imagenet-example.md">Next</a> | </sup><a href="../README.md#two-days-to-a-demo-training--inference"><sup>Contents</sup></a>
<br/>
<sup>Image Recognition</sup></p>  

# Classifying Images with ImageNet
There are multiple types of deep learning networks available, including recognition, detection/localization, and soon segmentation.  The first deep learning capability we're highlighting in this tutorial is **image recognition** using an 'imageNet' that's been trained to identify similar objects.

The [`imageNet`](../imageNet.h) object accepts an input image and outputs the probability for each class.  Having been trained on ImageNet database of **[1000 objects](../data/networks/ilsvrc12_synset_words.txt)**, the standard AlexNet and GoogleNet networks were automatically downloaded during the build step.  As examples of using [`imageNet`](../imageNet.h) we provide a command-line interface called [`imagenet-console`](../imagenet-console/imagenet-console.cpp) and a live camera program called [`imagenet-camera`](../imagenet-camera/imagenet-camera.cpp).

### Using the Console Program on Jetson

First, try using the [`imagenet-console`](../imagenet-console/imagenet-console.cpp) program to test imageNet recognition on some example images.  It loads an image, uses TensorRT and the [`imageNet`](../imageNet.h) class to perform the inference, then overlays the classification and saves the output image.

After [building](building-repo.md), make sure your terminal is located in the aarch64/bin directory:

``` bash
$ cd jetson-inference/build/aarch64/bin
```

Then, classify an example image with the [`imagenet-console`](../imagenet-console/imagenet-console.cpp) program.  [`imagenet-console`](../imagenet-console/imagenet-console.cpp) accepts 2 command-line arguments:  the path to the input image and path to the output image (with the class overlay printed).

``` bash
$ ./imagenet-console orange_0.jpg output_0.jpg
```

<img src="https://github.com/dusty-nv/jetson-inference/raw/master/docs/images/imagenet-orange.jpg" width="500">

``` bash
$ ./imagenet-console granny_smith_1.jpg output_1.jpg
```
<img src="https://github.com/dusty-nv/jetson-inference/raw/master/docs/images/imagenet-apple.jpg" width="500">

Next, we'll go through the steps to code your own image recognition program from scratch.

##
<p align="right">Next | <b><a href="imagenet-example.md">Coding Your Own Image Recognition Program</a></b>
<br/>
Back | <b><a href="building-repo.md">Building the Repo from Source</a></b></p>
</b><p align="center"><sup>© 2016-2019 NVIDIA | </sup><a href="../README.md#two-days-to-a-demo-training--inference"><sup>Table of Contents</sup></a></p>

Commit message:

add note about loading time

docs/imagenet-console.md, after:

<img src="https://github.com/dusty-nv/jetson-inference/raw/master/docs/images/deep-vision-header.jpg">
<p align="right"><sup><a href="building-repo.md">Back</a> | <a href="imagenet-example.md">Next</a> | </sup><a href="../README.md#two-days-to-a-demo-training--inference"><sup>Contents</sup></a>
<br/>
<sup>Image Recognition</sup></p>  

# Classifying Images with ImageNet
There are multiple types of deep learning networks available, including recognition, detection/localization, and soon segmentation.  The first deep learning capability we're highlighting in this tutorial is **image recognition** using an 'imageNet' that's been trained to identify similar objects.

The [`imageNet`](../imageNet.h) object accepts an input image and outputs the probability for each class.  Having been trained on ImageNet database of **[1000 objects](../data/networks/ilsvrc12_synset_words.txt)**, the standard AlexNet and GoogleNet networks were automatically downloaded during the build step.  As examples of using [`imageNet`](../imageNet.h) we provide a command-line interface called [`imagenet-console`](../imagenet-console/imagenet-console.cpp) and a live camera program called [`imagenet-camera`](../imagenet-camera/imagenet-camera.cpp).

### Using the Console Program on Jetson

First, try using the [`imagenet-console`](../imagenet-console/imagenet-console.cpp) program to test imageNet recognition on some example images.  It loads an image, uses TensorRT and the [`imageNet`](../imageNet.h) class to perform the inference, then overlays the classification and saves the output image.

After [building](building-repo.md), make sure your terminal is located in the aarch64/bin directory:

``` bash
$ cd jetson-inference/build/aarch64/bin
```

Then, classify an example image with the [`imagenet-console`](../imagenet-console/imagenet-console.cpp) program.  [`imagenet-console`](../imagenet-console/imagenet-console.cpp) accepts 2 command-line arguments:  the path to the input image and path to the output image (with the class overlay printed).

``` bash
$ ./imagenet-console orange_0.jpg output_0.jpg
```

> **note**:  the first time you run the program, TensorRT may take up to a few minutes to optimize the network.
> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;this optimized network is saved after the first run, and future runs will load faster.

<img src="https://github.com/dusty-nv/jetson-inference/raw/master/docs/images/imagenet-orange.jpg" width="500">

``` bash
$ ./imagenet-console granny_smith_1.jpg output_1.jpg
```
<img src="https://github.com/dusty-nv/jetson-inference/raw/master/docs/images/imagenet-apple.jpg" width="500">

Next, we'll go through the steps to code your own image recognition program from scratch.

##
<p align="right">Next | <b><a href="imagenet-example.md">Coding Your Own Image Recognition Program</a></b>
<br/>
Back | <b><a href="building-repo.md">Building the Repo from Source</a></b></p>
</b><p align="center"><sup>© 2016-2019 NVIDIA | </sup><a href="../README.md#two-days-to-a-demo-training--inference"><sup>Table of Contents</sup></a></p>
